bar-hopping on Bourbon Street and S&M
Dalmatian and hell with Hitler
that's right guys another awesome
episode of preacher episode 3 was pretty
crazy once again my name is Ryan you can
find me on Twitter at Ryan Eric P do me
a favor if I missed anything from the
comic books any references that you guys
want to talk about any theories that
you're thinking of please let me know in
the comments below or on Twitter and
also be sure to subscribe to this
channel because we are breaking down
every single episode of preacher as well
as Twin Peaks and guess what's right
around the corner it's Game of Thrones
so without further ado let's check out
episode 3 of preacher season 2 titled
damsels the episode starts off with
Eugene roots origins and basically how
he became arse face we discover Eugene's
personal hell as he's reliving the
events of Tracy loaches suicide attempt
and it wasn't exactly how we all
suspected Eugene was actually trying to
save Tracy's life but then she killed
herself after he acted upon his feelings
about her it's extremely dark and sad
and even more tragic because we learned
that Eugene has been living with this
guilt and this blame that he really
wasn't responsible for I mean she killed
herself this origin story is completely
different from the comic books where
Eugene and his friend attempted to
commit suicide because they were in
Nirvana fans and Kurt Cobain had just
killed himself
we are definitely feeling a little bit
more sympathetic towards Eugene having
known this TV backstory but either way
it's very dark and sad and tragic that
this all happened that he's living with
this guilt for his entire life we then
meet up on the road with team preacher
they have left Texas and are headed to
New Orleans and search for God kudos to
the team for throwing in this comic book
reference in there the sign you are now
leaving Texas that was an awesome little
touch guys and this is where it starts
to get weird so they get to New Orleans
and they're looking for God so you got
to go hit up the Jazz bars right so the
first bar they go to the bartender is a
little bit weirded out that all three of
them are searching for God then again
another guy is weirded out that all
three of them want to see God and then
we find out it's because God here is a
SM dalmatian and his owner we quickly
find out that it's rather expensive to
see this God and Jesse wants no part of
it the Haley
do it yeah oh man we don't want this you
sure yeah I'm sure we're looking for God
God God then the scene ends with a very
tight shot on the Dalmatians aye so who
the hell is behind the mask yes of
course dog is God backwards but is God
really underneath that mask I don't
think so but from the comic books this
could be referencing Jesus to say he is
one of the most disturbing characters in
the books and he's pretty much this
extremely creepy rich dude that would
have huge drug-filled sex parties as you
can imagine a lot of the subject matter
is a little too extreme for this YouTube
channel as well as AMC we've also seen
Jesus where some Dalmatian print in the
comics so that might be another clue
swing-and-a-miss guys so after that
first failed attempt to find God at a
bar they go outside and tulip is clearly
not happy being out in New Orleans she
is uncomfortable with whoever might be
watching her so she calls it a night
early to the end of the world right
that's of course a subtle reference to
until the end of the world preachers
second volume which means we might get
to see more backstory between Jessie and
tulip it's an action-packed story arc in
the comics Cassady then follows tulip
and Jesse goes back to the bar because
he is on a mission
quick easter egg here Jesse orders rat
water when he's at the bar that's of
course a reference to the saint of
killers town that we saw last season so
back to tulip see of course he feels
very uncomfortable like I said and she
feels like she's being watched
backside hi mrs. Barbara oh you know
just out of town now I believe the
storyline here is something similar to
what happened in the comics basically
when she got her first gig as a hit
woman she messed up and failed to kill
the target we're not quite sure if
that's what happened here but clearly
her former employer Victor is not happy
we then get to meet Dennis or Denny
Cassidy's French friend from back in the
day now we don't learn a whole bunch
about this character except for his
interest in the Three Stooges and for a
good glass of wine but he could be
playing a role that psych Coltrane
played in the comics I touched on this
last week's I was an old friend of
Cassidy's who was a journalist in New
York City he also was a serial killer
and of course Cassidy and Jesse went to
him to track down a lead on God we'll
have to wait and see if we learned more
about this character moving on you might
want to talk to the singer at the chemin
E
and then based on the recommendation
from another bartender we finally meet
Laura Featherstone who's a singer at a
club she's not a great singer which
makes sense because it turns out she's
pretending Jessie watches as she's
kidnapped by a group of men wearing
white suits he runs outside and uses the
word to stop them and then proceeds to
beat them up you're right
who are you we soon find out that this
was all one elaborate setup to confirm
that Jessie has this incredible power
that includes the bartender that
referred Jessie to Laura
Laura's profession as a singer the whole
kidnapping and even her baby now these
guys are all a part of Grail industries
and it's clear that this group has deep
pockets and resources around the world
they pulled off all of this just to find
out if this preacher had the power of
Genesis inside him oh and also that guy
in the car with Featherstone
that's Hoover in the comics he was a
lifeguard prior to joining the Grail and
attempted to kidnap Jessie with
Featherstone so what are you gonna do
about it kick him out this Hanson unit
sure
do it one last thing to note here we all
know that the saint is headed to New
Orleans after Fiore told him where Jesse
was headed but now the Saint has
confirmation after Jesse used the word
in this episode he needs to be extremely
selective when and where he's using this
power here's another fun comic-book
reference for you guys Jesse walking up
to the bar and sees a sign for Angel
Ville of course in the comics Angel
Ville is where Jesse grew up it's his
grandmother's plantation on the Texas
and Louisiana border it was also the
setting for some extremely traumatic
experiences for Jesse again we hear the
sounds of what seems to be an underwater
coffin that we referenced last time
it sounds like we'll definitely get some
more flashbacks to this moving forward
back in hell with Eugene and despite the
fact that he has to relive his personal
hell over and over and over again we
then learned that he has a close
cellmate that's Adolf Hitler so yes hell
really sucks finally we get reintroduced
to a man that we met last season hair
case star of course he's in a role of
power at Grail industries and he's
extremely interested in the power of
Genesis now this headquarters looks to
be in London you can see the skyline
back there in the background and then he
has a couple documents dropped on his
desk one is titled Jesse Custer and
another pig now I'm not entirely sure
what pig is referencing but fYI episode
7 this season is actually titled Pig so
it looks like we're gonna find out more
on this connection later in the season
now the episode ends with tulip at the
laundromat another fun comic book
reference here those cigarettes remind
me of something that John Wayne would
say to Jesse in the comic books nice
touch guys also hey there's an NES for
sale and a few games if you're
interested as expected Victor's men
finally catch up with tulip and so far
her backstory is pretty vague at the
moment we don't really know what exactly
went down between her and Victor but
what we do know is that we are gonna
learn a whole lot more next week as
episode 4 is titled Victor until then
guys you can find me on Twitter at Ryan
Eric P and do me a favor hit subscribe
right over here so you can come back for
next week's breakdown
and also hit me up in the comments let
me know which references I might have
missed which Easter eggs I might have
missed and what theories you have about
what's going on right now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next week